1.What is ping used for ?
2.What is difference between ping & tracert ?
3.what is vulnerability Assessment ?
4.What is difference between Vulnerability Assessment & Vulnerbaility managgement ?
5.Which are Most Commanly used tools for Vulnerability Assessment ?
6.can vulnerbaility assessment done manually , if yes what tools will be used ?
7.what is difference between Blackbox and Greybox/WhiteBox Vulnerbaility Assessment ?
8.In nessus how will you identify Scan has been successfuly completed ?
9.what is authenticated scan ?
10.To telnet a linux server what port will you use ?
11.To telnet a Windows server what port will you use ?
12.If you want to perform a VA scan on server what type of data will be need prior to scanning ?
13.List the types of Windows server commanly used in Enterprise enviroment ?
14.How will you check the give server is live & reachable to you ?
15.what types devices are prensent in Infrastructe across orgainzation ?
16.If you performing Vulnerbaility Assessment activity externally , what are things you need to do before initiaing Scan ?
17.If you have All Deatils for a sever which are required for scanning still you cannot scan it , what is the reason & can you find root cause of it?
18.How Credentials of servers are supposed to handled during performing VA/PT activity?
19.How do you determine the severity of a discovered vulnerability? 
20.What is an example of a time when a vulnerability assessment is commonly performed?
21.What is an example of an online resource you use to help you as a vulnerability researcher?
22.what types of vulnerability research tools you use, but which one is your favorite?
23.How would you handle an engineer downgrading the severity of a vulnerability just to extend the SLA?
24.How to troubleshoot a connectivity issue between two servers?
25.What is SLA ?
26.How do you identify False postive vulnerability ?
27.What are common network vulnerability identification steps? 
28.What are common ports and services to focus on during penetration testing?
29.What tools do you use for Network Penetration testing?
30.What are common levels of network penetration testing?
31.How do you penetrate into an organization network in Internal penetration testing?
32.What port does ping work over?
33.Do you prefer filtered ports or closed ports on your firewall?
34.What are SSL Cypher suits ?
35.What is TLS ?
36.how many types of authentication methods available in nessus ?
37.How do you make sure you don't miss any critical vulnerbailities while performing VA Scan ?

